Remove check token in getUserProfile method. (#10)
Innim/flutter_login_vk: CHANGELOG.md

## Next release

## 2.0.0+2 - 2021-09-23

> * Remove check token in `getUserProfile` method.
> * **BREAKING** Add rules `-keep class com.vk.** { *; }` in you proguard file (`android/app/proguard-rules.pro`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Important!** Add rules `-keep class com.vk.** { *; }` in you proguard file (`android/app/proguard-rules.pro`).
* [Android] Removed excessive token check in `getUserProfile` method.
```
